Added a `nautobot-server build` command (#3306)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot_ui/README.md

# Nautobot v2 UI Prototype

## Running it

Install and compile dependencies:

```no-highlight
nautobot-server build
```

Configure Nautobot to pass through authentication over CORS by putting this into your `nautobot_config.py`:

```python
CORS_ALLOW_ALL_ORIGINS = True
CORS_ALLOW_CREDENTIALS = True
SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE = None

> ```

Author: Methinks this is no longer necessary since the web UI has basic (even if somewhat flaky) session authentication.

> Set the `NAUTOBOT_API_TOKEN` prior to starting Node.js:

Author: ```suggestion
Set the `NAUTOBOT_API_TOKEN` prior to starting the server:
```

```no-highlight

> export NAUTOBOT_API_TOKEN=nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn

Reviewer: Presumably you need to actually create this API token as well... wonder if we should override `createsuperuser` to give the option to provision a token too?

Author: I'm actually thinking we should have a `Token` created by default for any new user. Simplify.

Reviewer: Hmm, not sure I'd agree with that - especially if we are wanting to change things so that an admin cannot retrieve/view the tokens of other users, how would the newly created token get communicated to the user in a more typical workflow?

```

Start Nautobot on port `8888/tcp`:

```no-highlight

> nautobot-server runserver 0.0.0.0:8888 --insecure

Author: We can change it to whatever we want, so yes.
